21.1.5 update (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/out-of-maintenance-wpf-dock-layout-manager-pin-unpin-a-layout-panel: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2890)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# WPF Dock Layout Manager - Pin/Unpin a LayoutPanel

> You can add or remove a layout panel to/from [AutoHideGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.AutoHideGroup). In this case, the [AutoHideGroup.Items](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.AutoHideGroup.Items) collection is changed. You can handle the `AutoHideGroup.Items.CollectionChanged` to track these changes. Use the readonly [BaseLayoutItem.IsAutoHidden](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.BaseLayoutItem.IsAutoHidden) property to check whether the panel is placed in [AutoHideGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.AutoHideGroup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add or remove a layout panel to or from [AutoHideGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.AutoHideGroup). In this case, the [AutoHideGroup.Items](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.AutoHideGroup.Items) collection is changed. You can handle the `AutoHideGroup.Items.CollectionChanged` event to track these changes. Use the read-only [BaseLayoutItem.IsAutoHidden](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.BaseLayoutItem.IsAutoHidden) property to check whether the panel is placed in [AutoHideGroup](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.AutoHideGroup).
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12169834/175360696-a08a9c82-7013-465f-8a0b-6a67721b2458.png" width=705px/>

> Call [DockManager.DockController.Dock](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockControllerBase.Dock.overloads) method to unpin a panel and dock it to the specified group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the [DockManager.DockController.Dock](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.Docking.DockControllerBase.Dock.overloads) method to unpin a panel and dock it to the specified group.
```
